Adding PACKAGE.md to System.Runtime.Caching package (#90701)
dotnet/runtime: src/libraries/System.Runtime.Caching/src/PACKAGE.md

## About

> [System.Runtime.Caching](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.runtime.caching?view=dotnet-plat-ext-7.0)/[System.Runtime.Caching.MemoryCache](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.runtime.caching.memorycache?view=dotnet-plat-ext-7.0) ([NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/System.Runtime.Caching/)) can be used with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[System.Runtime.Caching](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.runtime.caching?view=dotnet-plat-ext-7.0) ([NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/System.Runtime.Caching/)) is a packaged set of simple caching API's derived from those of the same namespace available in .Net Framework since 4.0. This package is intended for use as a bridge when porting .Net Framework applications to .Net Core.

This `System.Runtime.Caching` package can be used with any [.NET implementation](/dotnet/standard/net-standard#net-implementation-support) that targets .NET Standard 2.0 or later. For example:
```

Author: done

> [System.Runtime.Caching](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.runtime.caching?view=dotnet-plat-ext-7.0)/[System.Runtime.Caching.MemoryCache](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.runtime.caching.memorycache?view=dotnet-plat-ext-7.0) ([NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/System.Runtime.Caching/)) can be used with:

Author: updated

* .NET Standard 2.0 or later.

> * Any [.NET implementation](/dotnet/standard/net-standard#net-implementation-support) that targets .NET Standard 2.0 or later. For example, ASP.NET Core 3.1 or later.

Author: updated

> * .NET Standard 2.0 or later.
> * Any [.NET implementation](/dotnet/standard/net-standard#net-implementation-support) that targets .NET Standard 2.0 or later. For example, ASP.NET Core 3.1 or later.
> * .NET Framework 4.5 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* .NET Core 3.1 or later.
* .Net Framework 4.5 or later.
* .Net 5.0 or later.
```

Author: done

> [Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory/)/`IMemoryCache` (described in this article) is recommended over `System.Runtime.Caching`/`MemoryCache` because it's better integrated into ASP.NET Core. For example, `IMemoryCache` works natively with ASP.NET Core [dependency injection](xref:fundamentals/dependency-injection).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory/)/[IMemoryCache](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/performance/caching/memory?view=aspnetcore-7.0) is recommended over `System.Runtime.Caching`/`MemoryCache` because it's better integrated into ASP.NET Core. For example, `IMemoryCache` works natively with ASP.NET Core [dependency injection](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/dependency-injection?view=aspnetcore-7.0).
```

> [Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory/)/`IMemoryCache` (described in this article) is recommended over `System.Runtime.Caching`/`MemoryCache` because it's better integrated into ASP.NET Core. For example, `IMemoryCache` works natively with ASP.NET Core [dependency injection](xref:fundamentals/dependency-injection).

Author: updated

> Use `System.Runtime.Caching`/`MemoryCache` as a compatibility bridge when porting code from ASP.NET 4.x to ASP.NET Core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `System.Runtime.Caching`/`MemoryCache` as a compatibility bridge when porting code from .NET 4.x to .NET Core.
```

Reviewer: Alternatively, I think [this would look a little nicer on github](https://stackoverflow.com/a/72327818). Not sure if nuget supports this syntax:

```
[!IMPORTANT]
Use `System.Runtime.Caching`/`MemoryCache` as a compatibility bridge when porting code from .NET 4.x to .NET Core.
```

> ## Key Features
> 
> * MemoryCache feature represents the type that implements an in-memory cache.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Main Types

The main types provided by this library are:

> * `System.Runtime.Caching.MemmoryCache`

Author: updated

## Remarks

> [MemoryCache.PhysicalMemeoryLimit](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.runtime.caching.memorycache.physicalmemorylimit?view=dotnet-plat-ext-7.0) property is only supported on windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MemoryCache.PhysicalMemoryLimit](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.runtime.caching.memorycache.physicalmemorylimit?view=dotnet-plat-ext-7.0) property is only supported on windows.
```
